I read your draft with pleasure. Nevertheless, here are my comments:

+ I have marked typos and such into the paper version - I can collect my 
copy for corrections
+ you write as if this is a report of Tuxera achiements - it is not. 
This is your thesis and you must make it clear what did you do 
personally. This applies to several Chapters e.g. conclusions and 
description of the implementation and testing.
+ structure: Now you go to 4 levels of headers but under-use numbering 
of Chapters. My suggestion would be to try to keep 3 levels of headers. 
What could help is to have more chapters by turning some 2nd level 
Sections into Chapters. For example, 2.2. could be a Chapter, if you 
keep 2.3 in this Chapter, get rid of 2.3.3 but keep the 2.3.3.1 and 2.3.3.2

+ For comparison, clear criteria would be helpful, e.g. functionality, 
quality under loss and capacity constraints,  power consumption of the 
Mobile device (if you did not measure it, may be there are qualitative 
statements that are possible? OR are they all the same  in terms of 
power consumption? Possibly also diversity leading to incompatibility?

+ when you present each standard in Section 2.2. a Figure similar to 
Figure 1 showing also possible mapping to equipment would make 
everything more concrete. In particular, it is not always clear for some 
of the standards, how is the support for cloud based content organised 
(YouTube/Netflix etc).

+ Figures 12... better use kBytes or Mbytes instead of bytes - makes the 
figures more readable. Why is AirPlay volume < DLNA in Fig 12a but later 
it turns out that volumes are: AirPlay > DLNA because AirPlay uses 
non-compressed format?

+ Conclusions: HTTP vs RTP - it is possible to make RTP more adaptive to 
network conditions by adding support for RTCP for feedback, some 
heuristics that for example try to adjust sending rate to available 
capacity and finally an adaptive playout algorithm. For this approach to 
work alternative coding rates most likely must be supported. OR the 
playout algorithm must be able to stop playout for a while and start 
again once there is enough content.  Is this approach not considered on 
any of the forums?

You can come and pick up my copy, make the corrections and then return 
me a book in hard black covers. (e.g tomorrow Fri 13-14 is a good time).

BR Raimo
